+++
title = "Scones"
date = "2019-06-15"
meals = ["breakfast"]
cuisines = ["baking"]
+++

From: Jen's amazing recipe

# Dry Ingredients
 * 2 cups flour
 * 1/4 cup sugar
 * 1 1/4 tsp baking powder
 * 1/4 tsp baking soda
 * 1/4 tsp salt

# Wet Ingredients
 * 8 tbsps salted butter
 * 2/3 cup buttermilk
 * 1 tsp vanilla

# Preparation

Preheat oven to 425F.

Mix all dry ingredients above in a bowl very well.

Cut a stick of butter into pea sized cubes, add to dry ingredients and
cut in with a pastry blender into well incorporated.

Mix 2/3 cup buttermilk and 1 tsp vanilla together.

Take buttermilk mixture and a tiny bit at a time add it into the dry
ingredients, patting it in. The goal is to barely get all the dry out
without making any part of it soggy and with a minimal amount of
kneading. I usually work my way from one side of the bowl to the
other, just scraping a small amount of the flour mixture to the bottom
of the bowl, pouring a small amount of buttermilk over it, patting it
down, then moving that combined portion to the other side of the bowl,
repeating until I reach the other side.

Once you have that all reasonably well incorporated, flip the mixture
onto something clean and press it all together. You really don't want
to knead it much at all, just press it together, flip it 90 degrees
and do so again, repeat a few times. There will be some dry spots and
some wet spots, that's ok. You just need it to roughly hold together.

Cut the dough in half and make a 7" disk out of each half. Stick
whatever you want on one disk (jam, jelly, berries) then put the other
disk on top of it. Pinch the edges to join them. You can put any
leftover buttermilk on the edges to seal them, and on top to create a
glaze if you sprinkle some sugar on there too.

Cut the cylinder into 1/4s then 1/8s, put on a baking sheet with
parchment paper, bake at 425 for 12-14 minutes.. better to take them
out early than too late, I usually do 12 on the money.
